Move comment about password guidance to the introduction. (#51)
tlswg/external-psk-design-team: draft-ietf-tls-external-psk-guidance.md

# Introduction

> There are many resources that provide usage guidance on user passwords. However, there is
> no such equivalent for external Pre-Shared Keys (PSKs) in TLS. This document aims to reduce
> that gap. It lists TLS security properties provided by PSKs under certain assumptions and demonstrates
> how violations of these assumptions lead to attacks. This document also discusses PSK use
> cases, provisioning processes, and TLS stack implementation support in the context of these
> assumptions. It provides advice for applications in various use cases to help meet these
> assumptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many resources that provide guidance for password generation and verification aimed towards improving security. 
However, there is no such equivalent for external Pre-Shared Keys (PSKs) in TLS. This document aims to reduce
that gap. It lists TLS security properties provided by PSKs under certain assumptions and demonstrates
how violations of these assumptions lead to attacks. This document also discusses PSK use
cases, provisioning processes, and TLS stack implementation support in the context of these
assumptions. It provides advice for applications in various use cases to help meet these
assumptions.
```
